The Project Plan of “Tom and Jerry Tales” 

Background and set up of the game 
    The set up of this game is in a house where the wall will be the barrier. The start of the game which is the door in the bottom left corner and the end of the game which is the top left corner
Characters of the game and reward 
    The main character of this game is a mouse which will be controlled by the user 
    The moving enemy of this game is a cat. His role in the game is to move around the house to catch the mouse.
    The static enemy of this game is traps. It will be placed randomly in the house. The amount of traps is based on the difficulty of the game 
    The reward of this game is cheese. They will be placed randomly around the house for the mouse to eat. There are two sizes of the cheese: small and big.
How to play Mouse in the House 
    Before starting: The mouse will be given a default of 5 points
    The mouse will always be placed in the bottom right corner
    How to earn points: The mouse’s goal of this game is to collect as much cheese as possible in order to reach a specific point which is the only measure of reward in this game in order to move on to the next level. One small chese will be equal to one point, and eating the bigger cheese will earn three points to the user. 
    How to lose points: There are traps placed randomly in the house. If the mouse steps on one of the traps, it will lose him 3 points. If the cat catches the mouse the game ends.
User Story 
    “Tom and Jerry Tales”  is a strategy game. It is a multi-platform game which is supported by PC and web players. 
    After running the game, the splash screen (main menu) will appear on the screen. A splash page page isn an introduction page of the website that contains 
        Play button - to start the default game that is easy for difficulty. 
        Setting OS - has 3 settings button:
        Mute - turn off the sound
        Unmute - turn on the sound 
        Back - to go back to splash screen 
        Difficulties - to adjust the difficultness of the game (easy, medium, and hard), also contains the back button to go back

